[TT-17055] docs: update references for deprecated repos (#2033)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: api-management/request-quotas.mdx

### Prerequisites

> -   **Working Tyk Environment:** You need access to a running Tyk instance that includes both the Tyk Gateway and Tyk Dashboard components. For setup instructions using Docker, please refer to the [Tyk Quick Start](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-install?tab=readme-ov-file#quick-start).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Working Tyk Environment:** You need access to a running Tyk instance that includes both the Tyk Gateway and Tyk Dashboard components. For Docker setup instructions, please refer to this [guide](/tyk-self-managed/install/docker).
```
